Save and document this as User_story_Admin_1.md:

I wake up in the morning and My CoTeacher App that I refer to colloquially as "my coteacher" welcomes me gently and calmy into the day with a well designed UX animation that briefly summarizes my communications and responsibilities for the morning, regulatory documentation status, school operations and staffing status, materials and logistics status and finally a plan of attack for my day. This part immediately brings my blood pressure down in the morning as I see my day broken down into small achievable tasks that should be very manageable throughout the day, especially with My CoTeacher guiding me and basically holding my hand. 

It settles on my operations tab and I see we have 2 teachers out sick today. One of our preferred part-time teachers and substitutes have already claimed the open spots and parents and admin have been notified. I don't have to really do much to support them since the CoTeacher app will be able to guide them just as it was guiding their usual teachers. I can see that staff is aware of materials that need to be prepared and staged. I can see the cook is properly stocked. I have 3 tours to give, 2 IEP meetings, an interview and a birthday party. I have to remember to grab a cake on the way in.

I get in a little early and open my financials tab to look at our expenses versus expected income. Summer is coming and there's going to be a big annual turnover of students, but our waiting list is full and we should be able to stay at max capacity with My CoTeacher helping coordinate and orchestrate onboarding and offboarding of students and teachers.

My tours go flawlessly since my stress level is so low. I am able to enjoy showing off my pride and joy, my school, and relate to the parents. They are blown away with our data/evidence based curriculum and have friends whose child goes here. Those friends can't stop talking about or showing off their kids on their My CoTeacher app and found that this is the school using it.

My IEP meetings go smoothly and quickly. The documentation has been automatically getting filled out from discussions between us and their parents as well as My CoTeacher app's indicators and evidence logs. Their Doctors are in agreement and impressed with the documentation. Resources and support have already been rapidly mobilized and tested in the curriculum with the children and progress is already being made. Before the IEP/504 is even finalized! And the parents are ecstatic with the rapid and effective response. 

My interview with a prospective new teacher goes well as I show her our CoTeacher App and she immediately takes to it, being young and in tune with this kind of technology. She had heard about it from friends who are teachers here and she's not been able to wait to get her hands on it. She's excited about what it will allow her to do and focus on as a teacher, without having to worry about anything else and having such a great and helpful tool available all the time.

I get to the party right on time with the cake and sing happy birthday and have a great time. 

As the day wraps up, I watch the children that we have chain of custody over dwindle to 0, thank my staff and head home. 

That evening, I see that Charlie may have been identified with some dyslexia/adhd/spectrum traits. Honestly, that tracks and makes so much sense now. I'm happy to see his mother and teacher already got together and discussed it and I can see that he already has a screening scheduled. 

Later, it comes back positive. My CoTeacher is the first to alert me but I see his teacher and mother have already begun differentiating and enhancing his curriculum and he's loving it. The IEP/504 paperwork is already primed and is getting updated with every conversation and observation since it opened. By the time we have our meeting, everyone will already be on the same page an interventions will likely be underway. I've seen this so many times now and am able to reassure Charlie's parents that this is super normal and with all of the early and significant interventions, Charlie will not be held back by his neurodiversity one bit. In fact, it seems to correlate with his creativity and artistry, which is an even more significant part of his curriculum now. I'm happy for Charlie and his family. I'm happy for all of my students and staff and look forward to seeing their happy faces in the morning.