Save and document this as User_story_parent_1.md: 

My CoTeacher App that i colloquially just refer to as "my coteacher" pushes my preferred alarm sound/vibration and gently wakes me up/reminds me to start getting my son Charlie ready for school. I documented his dinner last night and what time he went to bed and his mood. He appears to be becoming more and more apprehensive about waking up and getting ready for school. Otherwise, we got him to sleep at 9:30pm which my CoTeacher app helped determine to be his optimum sleep time for him to wake up naturally and happily with enough time to get ready and ease into his day. He has his CoTeacher App locally on his personal tablet that utilizes computer vision to analyze what and the amount of Nutrition he consumed for breakfast. My CoTeacher app plays animations and videos about how his favorite foods are grown and how the non-meats are processed and packaged. Some days it plays videos of real life stories of kids their age learning how to make their own. He really likes those and My CoTeacher has noticed and curates a list of those to mix in the mornings and lunch - and integrate into lessons. on the way to school it is preparing him with selected car conversation starters and follows up with videos, practices, games, songs and activities that align with his interests, needs and preferences. we pull up to the school's drop off where the greeter's tablet's camera and computer vision detects, identifies and logs my son's attendance and location. When he reaches his room, his teachers' tablet's camera and CV does the same, identifying that he's in the classroom as he puts his stuff away and plays with his friends before grabbing his school tablet that records his presence as he begins a conversation with his favorite character, who asks him about his morning and such - assessing his speech and teaching him vocabulary - as well as updates the teachers' and admin dashboards and logs. I get to see all of these instances/pictures that will be destroyed by the end of the day unless I save it. All of my son's data is saved to an encrypted model that serves as his digital twin and stores all of his personal datapoints and is fully secured and controlled by me and only me. It sounds like his doctor's office may be able to use it as well to analyze his exercise, nutrition and educational milestones. At lunch, I bring up my CoTeacher website and have lunch with Charlie. we video chat through the app and he's able to show me what he's working on, on the left half of the screen that is screensharing what he's doing. The right side is the video of his face as he talks to me excitedly about his project. He points his camera at his food before we get off, and the app recognizes exactly how much of what has been eaten and is able to track his nutrition incredibly well to the point that his doctors use the data. We have incorporated using it for his breakfast and dinner as well as it helps us track what he likes and doesn't like while optimizing his nutritional intake so that we're not forced ply him with empty calorie snacks. I watch him from the teacher's camera, go out to recess happily with his friends as the app pings his location updating to Playground 2. My phone silently pushes the notification that he's back in his classroom as his tablet recognizes him and he hits a button signifying that he's happy. In the carpool line to pick him up from school, I see him getting ready to leave his room as his teachers' tablet hands off chain of custody of my son to the Greeter's tablet who identifies and tracks that Charlie is now waiting in the vestibule. I also get my daily digest of Charlie's day that I get to read while I wait in line. It looks like he had a great day, except for that there was apparently an indicator of Dyslexia. I immediately panic, but am immediately met with resources for screening and facts about Dyslexia and famous people with Dyslexia. I'm still very skeptical, however there is a button that allows me to see the evidence that it's using to base this on and sure enough, I see him writing a lot of the same letters and numbers and words backwards that I used to at his age. I know it's not a diagnosis, but a LOT of things are starting to make sense and fall into place. The tie into ADHD and the autism spectrum are making SO much sense that my mind is blown. I ping the teacher to see if she has time to talk to me real quick and she does. We meet at the front and have a brief conversation and I tell her how much sense it makes and she laughs and agrees how insightful the indicator was and that she's having a similar "Aha!" moment. My CoTeacher app sees my location and the bluetooth connects and chimes and buzzes for me to verify that the chain of custody of Charlie is now back to me. If I forget to hit it and we go back home, it will mark him as home. I try to remember to hit it though because I'm on a streak and it's really helpful to the rest of the system and keeps their other parent from freaking out about where Charlie went. That Evening, I'm looking through all the cool things he did that day and he jumps in bed excitedly to tell me about all of it. After he goes to sleep, I dig deeper into the Dyslexia, ADHD, Spectrum resources and setup a screening. His doctor, teacher and admin are notified. When his screening comes back positive, resources and supports are immediately deployed and the IEP/504 process is instantly primed with my school and ready for me. I don't even have to pursue it, it's just handed to me as a supportive resource. I review it and accept the meeting invite. The process is smooth and fast as we've all been on the same page since the identification. Now when we get Charlie ready for bed at 9:30pm, he's no longer apprehensive as his curriculum immediately and automatically adjusted for him and the MyCoteacher App had some amazing suggestions for differentiation and we both found some cool activities highlighted in "Bright Ideas" that we added to his learning plan. My CoTeacher found the perfect spot to seamlessly insert all of this into his curriculum and even identified a few other children who learn similarly, and now he has a great group of friends that just as loud and fun and energetic as he is and he doesn't feel awkward when learning around them. My CoTeacher has been an absolute life changer for our family and we don't know what we'd do without it.