Let's save and document this as User_story_teacher_1.md: 

Teacher: Teacher walks into the classroom, turn on the lights and begin preparing for my students to arrive. He/She turns on the Co-Teacher app and review the lessons, activities, and reminders for the day. For higher grade levels students who begin to arrive grab their assigned tablet, bring it to their desk and begin morning work that is tailored to them specifically to practice certain skills. These tasks were decided by the teacher and the co-teacher app previously. It could be unfinished work from the day before, or new work. Once the official time for class to begin I use my tablet to scan the classroom as they sit at their desk or perhaps as they are gathered on the carpet for circle time and allow the app to take attendance making note of who is present and who is not. Parents may have sent notes explaining that their child is absent because they are sick at home or maybe that they will be in late after an appointment with the dentist. These notes are used to help the app keep track of who is present. The app moves on to the planned first lesson of the day. The co-teacher app either taps into the already created curriculum created by the private school using it, or it uses lessons that it and the teacher collaborate and create together. As the teacher moves through the lesson, they can use the app to continue to scan the class during discussions and take note of each student and their behaviors. It keeps track of movement, of participation, of any milestones that may be reached. Soon after the first lesson it is time for morning snack. The teacher dismisses the students to wash hands and sit at the table. The co-teacher app keeps track (again by using the camera to scan) of what each student ate, and how much using pictures. All allergies and special requests/preferences are listed in red on the app for the teacher to see. These pictures are sent immediately to parents. After morning snack, the class then gets ready to grab coats, line up and go outside for recess. For younger ages it is a state requirement to do a name to face recognition for attendance before leaving the class. The teacher should be able to scan all students in line and take note of who is present, and who is not. It should be able to make adjustments depending on who may have arrived since the last attendance was taken. After recess is over attendance is taken again and students come inside, wash hands and prepare for small group instruction and centers. The teacher uses the suggested small group list created by the co-teacher for small group math and literacy. While one group is with the teacher, the rest of the class are enjoying centers. The classroom has centers that remain consistent such as an art center, a computer center, a reading center, a math center etc. Each center has enhancement activities that are related to the weeks lessons. The teacher is able to use the co-teacher app for suggestions of enhancements to use every week, print worksheets, have a supply list for each enhancement. The teacher can use the co-teacher app to take pictures and video of each child in the centers that can be shared with the parents. The video an pictures are used to check off any milestones, assessments, or take note of anything special about each child and that can be helpful for the teacher. For example, the app notices that a student drew a picture of a tree using a circle and a rectangle. This could be a milestone reached for Spatial Reasoning. Similarly in the small groups teachers can use the app for the same thing. Teachers can scan the work in front of each student and using handwriting recognition it can help the teacher take note of who is writing letters and numbers correctly, who is adding numbers correctly, who is creating words. If the lesson is to practice phonemic awareness, the app can use the video to show what students participated. Based off of these lessons the app can suggest to the teacher certain extra activities for students to improve or perhaps recommend activities or worksheets for students to do who are working above grade level. If students have their own assigned app, the co-teacher app can use the work from each student on their app. It can take note of the finger strokes for letters or the drawings made for counting etc. Suggestions of dyslexia or dyscalculia, or ADHD can me made based off of patterned behavior and work over time. After small group work and centers it is time for lunch. The same protocol for breakfast is the same for lunch. After lunch is nap time for younger grades. The app can keep track of each students nap time and send those times to the parents. After nap is afternoon snack and again the same protocol for meals is implemented. Recess is after afternoon snack and the same protocol for attendance is implemented. Afternoon activities such as art or a STEAM project begin. The teacher was able to gather all materials for this part of the day via the app that suggested what was needed. Students begin to slowly go home. As the students depart the teacher can scan the classroom to keep track of attendance. The parents can also sign out their student. For older grades it is time for parent carpool and getting on busses to go home. Each student assigned carpool number is listed on the departure sheet. Each student who rides a bus has the bus number listed as well. As the carpool number or bus number is called, the student name is highlighted. Teacher gives the student the verbal instruction to leave the classroom. If students have their own tablets, perhaps the screen lights up when their number is up to leave the classroom. Please suggest any other ways to help keep track of students for carpool to ensure a safe and efficient way for students to get home safely. After all students have left the room it is time for the teacher and the co-teacher app to collaborate and get ready for the next day. Throughout the day the app did regular mood check-ins with the students who had tablets. The app shows the teacher the moods of each student and gives each student an overall mood rating. Any suggestions and notes made by the co-teacher app are looked over by the teacher. Maybe the app needs the teacher to approve a suggested flash card pdf to print for a student who is still struggling with their letters. Maybe the app shows the teacher a video clip of a student who had a difficult time sounding out words during a literacy small group session. The app reviews the milestones reached by each student that day and gets confirmation from the teacher to record those milestones across all necessary assessments private or state mandated for the appropriate quarter of the school year. The teacher is notified by the co-teacher app that an activity is coming up in two weeks where the supply list requires that each student have a recycled cereal box. The app asks if it would like the teacher to send out a note to all parents to please donate a box by a specific date. The teacher will be out of the classroom tomorrow and the app helps to create substitute teacher notes for the substitute the next morning. The teacher adds any other notes he/she thinks of. Parent teacher conferences are also beginning soon and the teacher goes over the notes that have been generated slowly over time about each student. Admin is able to also use this app to send school wide messages such as instructions for picture day later that week.